_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

migrate content from old page

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Affiliations -- <a href='https://compimaging.dgp.toronto.edu/'>DGP</a> <a href='https://utmist.gitlab.io/'>UTMIST</a?

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Hi! Nice to meet you (virtually)! I am an aspiring ML researcher who is currently pursuing a CompSci specialist at University of Toronto (year 3). My research interest revolves around `computer vision`, `graphics`, and `neural fields`. 

My ML journey started with explorations into computer vision back in 2018, a time when state of the art was still mainly CNNs. Since then, I’ve worked on numerous projects related to object classification (lip reading), detection (real-time hand gesture detection), generation (font style transfer & single-eye face generation). When I came to UofT, I decided to take a quick detour into the cross-section of computer vision and neuroscience. At the UTSC CoNSens Lab, I developed a novel classification/detection model analogous to the ventral/dorsal streams of the human brain. We would use explainability methods like guided backprop to understand the feature detectors in the network and draw correlations to the detectors found in a biological brain. In 2023, I went back to pure ML research and found a passion in neural fields and 3D graphics. With my colleagues at the University of Hong Kong, we developed a novel method that utilizes the underlying patterns of a neural fields activations to reduce asymptotic inferences costs of implicit neural fields by up to 300x. Orthogonal to implicit neural fields are its explicit counterparts such as Instant-NGP, which are state-of-the-art methods for 3D representations but are very poorly understood. This led to my current work with Professor David Lindell at the University of Toronto where I am developing a framework for quantifying the expressivities of grid-based neural fields. This would hopefully serve as a heuristic for explaining the effectiveness of these neural fields and aid our selections of the network configurations.

Besides research, I also find joy in sharing my experiences through leadership. From founding my high school's first student-led team, the [AI Project Group](https://github.com/spccaipg/), to being the vice president of the [UofT Machine Intelligence Student Team](https://utmist.gitlab.io/), I have always loved to explore the broader perspectives of AI through collaboration with liked-minded peers.
